api.md, before:

<a name="module_FontAwesome"></a>

## FontAwesome : <code>ReactClass</code>
A React component for the font-awesome icon library.


| Param | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [border] | <code>Boolean</code> | <code>false</code> | Whether or not to show a border radius |
| [className] | <code>String</code> |  | An extra set of CSS classes to add to the component |
| [fixedWidth] | <code>Boolean</code> | <code>false</code> | Make buttons fixed width |
| [flip] | <code>String</code> | <code>false</code> | Flip the icon's orientation. |
| [inverse] | <code>Boolean</code> | <code>false</code> | the icon's color |
| name | <code>String</code> |  | Name of the icon to use |
| [pulse] | <code>Boolean</code> | <code>false</code> | Rotate icon with 8 steps (rather than smoothly) |
| [rotate] | <code>Number</code> |  | The degress to rotate the icon by |
| [size] | <code>String</code> |  | The icon scaling size |
| [spin] | <code>Boolean</code> | <code>false</code> | Spin the icon |
| [stack] | <code>String</code> |  | Stack an icon on top of another |

Commit message:

Add option to pass FontAwesome as css module
 Changes to be committed:
	modified:   api.md
	modified:   src/index.js
	modified:   test/index-test.js

api.md, after:

<a name="module_FontAwesome"></a>

## FontAwesome : <code>ReactClass</code>
A React component for the font-awesome icon library.


| Param | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [border] | <code>Boolean</code> | <code>false</code> | Whether or not to show a border radius |
| [className] | <code>String</code> |  | An extra set of CSS classes to add to the component |
| [cssModule] | <code>Object</code> |  | Option to pass FontAwesome CSS as a module |
| [fixedWidth] | <code>Boolean</code> | <code>false</code> | Make buttons fixed width |
| [flip] | <code>String</code> | <code>false</code> | Flip the icon's orientation. |
| [inverse] | <code>Boolean</code> | <code>false</code> | the icon's color |
| name | <code>String</code> |  | Name of the icon to use |
| [pulse] | <code>Boolean</code> | <code>false</code> | Rotate icon with 8 steps (rather than smoothly) |
| [rotate] | <code>Number</code> |  | The degress to rotate the icon by |
| [size] | <code>String</code> |  | The icon scaling size |
| [spin] | <code>Boolean</code> | <code>false</code> | Spin the icon |
| [stack] | <code>String</code> |  | Stack an icon on top of another |
